Name: Black Beauty
Chapter: 99

The Black Beauty is sleek and sexy and she runs lightning fast. You take her into the arena with the other slow and clumsy cata-horses and you run circles around them. It looks like you made the right choice!

Coming around after dodging numerous shots, you decide it's time to try out the catapult and see what this baby can do. You line up an old warhorse in your sights and let rip with a yank of the firing cable.

"No!" you curse as a clunking sound emits from above your head. The catapult has locked up!

You've got no choice but to get out of the thing and try to figure out what the problem is - and quickly too, before the other cata-horses take notice of your handicap. You break open your saddle bag and grab a fistful of tools. You hands probe all around the pult-module but the sleek, black surface reveals nary a screw nor a bolt nor even a nail.

"She's impenetrable!" The words of the salesman echo through your hollow head as you realize that one of her greatest features has become your downfall.

With a terrifying clicking and clacking, the old warhorse you aimed to take aim at before wheels around to face you, it's catapult ratcheting back with a full load. You should get back in the Black Beauty and make your escape, but like your own impotent hardware you feel frozen in place. The shot goes up and you find yourself diving out of the way, then watching in horror as a barrage of flaming stones comes down on your beautiful machine.

Her armor really is pretty much impenetrable - the stones hammer away at it's surface, never actually cracking it; instead they leave giant dents all over the place. When you do have the courage to return to the battered beast, the steam engine won't even catch.

After a humiliating defeat in the arena, you stand in your stable and frown at the massive hunk of useless junk that was towed in by arena-hands. Now you are out a brand new cata-horse and your father is going to be furious. 

You feel like you're out of options. Maybe it's time to look to the other resources in town. There are plenty of folk around here that are leagues brighter and fathoms wiser than you. What will you do next?

Choose:
"Seek the advice of the local oracle?":Oracle.html
"Seek the advice of the king?":King.html
