Name: Crystalline Machine
Chapter: 99

Crystalline is solid with perfect planes and edges, a faint quad-color glow emanating from her glass-like surface. Her wheels tick forward gingerly, like clockwork, emitting a satisfying click with every inch she moves. Her array of ammo is vast, lining up and down both sides of the rear-mounted catapult. 

Despite her glassy appearance, her shell feels as hard as a rock, unyielding and impenetrable - and she is, for once you roll her clockwork structure into the arena, the volleys begin to fly. Rocks and fireballs careen off her illustrious armor barely leaving a scratch. 

You wheel her about, taking shots here and there, scorching and pulverizing your smaller opponents. Incoming fire is relentless, but so ineffective you stop attempting to evade it after the first ten minutes.

Finally, something gets through. With the chaos of the match, you're not sure where or when it happened, but the ticking of the wheels has slowed. You attempt to spin about and Crystalline's movement is jerky and laggy.

More shots are getting through and she slows to a crawl, her wheels chock, chock, chunking along. You are forced to dismount and take a look.

As per the manual, you call the technical support hot-line.

"Have you tried shutting the steam engine down and firing it back up again?"

You comply with the odd request, and for a moment you think that the remedy is going to breath new life into the rigid cata-horse. Just as she is about to complete her steam-engine-start-up-sequence, an old warhorse of a cata-horse lines her up in its sights and launches a massive fireball, engulfing her and melting that beautiful glass-like surface into a molten mess.

After a humiliating defeat in the arena, you stand in your stable and frown at the massive hunk of useless junk that was towed in by arena-hands. Now you are out a brand new cata-horse and your father is going to be furious. 

You feel like you're out of options. Maybe it's time to look to the other resources in town. There are plenty of folk around here that are leagues brighter and fathoms wiser than you. What will you do next?

Choose:
"Seek the advice of the local oracle?":Oracle.html
"Seek the advice of the king?":King.html
