Name: The King
Chapter: 99

You seek entrance into the Royal Court, and are quickly granted access. It seems the Royal Government is all about transparency these days, so they'll let any old schmuck off the street wander around. 

"You see, these days the monarchy is more of a well-run bureaucracy," the tour guide drones on. "No more oppression. No more stoning folks who speak out. Nowadays anyone can have an audience with the King."

"I'd like an audience with the King," you state.

The tour guide looks you up and down, examining you with all parts of his quadfocals. "Did you take a number, young man?"

"I did," you say, then you remember to act indignant rather than excited. "I mean, I'm not a young man! I'm a cata-knight!"

"Right, my apologies _sir_." The tour guide whips out a clipboard. "And what was the purpose of your visit to the Royal Government today?"

"I'm here to seek the council of his Highnesses infinite wisdom," you say, rather proud of your phrasing.  

"Right," says the tour guide. "Advice doesn't start until after afternoon tea."

!>images/oldservers.jpg!

You have a few hours to kill, so you get the full tour of the facility. The low point is without a doubt the royal stables. The cata-horses are enormous, block-like machines that don't appear to do much of anything. Depressed-looking elderly fairies flit about making adjustments to the machines and checking clipboards and coughing up dust that seems to ceaselessly settle everywhere, no matter how often it is stirred up.

Eventually you are granted an advising audience with the King. You enter the royal chamber and find him perched on a throne, a lavish gold crown on his head and a high-lariously clothed Jester standing to his right. No wait - your right. Stage left.

"Your majesty," you say, entering a deep bow. "I need some advice."

"You want advice?" he asks, as though that weren't already made clear by the first words you spoke upon entering the chamber. "Don't become a king!" He breaks into a hearty laugh.

"Your majesty," the Jester whines through clenched teeth. "You stole my bit!"

"Yes, yes," says the old King gruffly as he waves a leathery paw dismissively at the Jester. "What advice do you seek, my child?"

"Um, well," you start. With a blubber, you launch into the whole story about becoming a cata-knight and being unable to afford a new cata-horse and then buying a new cata-horse on loan from your father and then that new cata-horse being destroyed in the first round of the tournament.

The King remains attentive through the entire story, even if his jester does not. At the end, he is silent for a moment and then finally speaks. "Oh, was that the end?"

"Yes."

"Right, so I suppose you want a new cata-horse."

"Well," you say uncertainly. "Yeah, I mean - I guess I need a new one so I can continue the tournament."

"Excellent," says the King with a smile and an open-palms gesture. "We can totally subsidize an aspiring cata-knight. We've got plenty of cata-horses sitting around not doing anything. Why don't you put one to use?"

Your memory of the ancient, dusty cata-horses flashes and you feel queasy at the thought of taking one into the arena. Or even taking one all the way down the road to the arena. They probably didn't even run on unleaded steam!

"I'm so sorry, your honor," you say. "I mean, your majesty. But those cata-horses you have are too old to compete."

"Oh, steampunk," curses the old monarch. "Now you sound like those jokers down the road."

The jester's ruffles visibly flutter. "Please don't use that term as a derogatory slur."

"Right, right, sorry," says the King quickly. "I suppose they are more like... what, freaks?"

The jester glances over his shoulder. Seeing nothing but the back of the chamber, he squeaks, "Hippies?"

"Who are you talking about?" you interject.

The King yawns. "Oh, it's this commune down the road. They're always trying to get us to use their free designs for new horses."

"Why wouldn't you use them if they're free?"

"Because they're free!" says the jester. "Anything that costs nothing has no value, don't you see? Or did you fail economics?"

"I did fail economics," you admit. Your ignorance emboldens you. "You know what? I'm gonna go ahead and say that doesn't make sense to me. If I can get something for free, I better go check it out rather than just dismiss it."

"Another joker," mutters the King.

"Your majesty!" protests the jester.

"Hey," you say. "Shouldn't you be making jokes about eunuchs or something?"

The jester glares at you silently, one of the bells hanging angrily from his multi-pointed cap and accentuating his furrowed brow. 

"What about Monty Python?" you say. "You know, like _How d'you know he's a king?_"

The King and the jester point in unison. "Get the fsck outta here!"

Choose:
"Seek the advice of the local oracle?":Oracle.html
"Seek out the commune the bird spoke of?":Commune.html
