Name: Oracle
Chapter: 99

!>images/oracle.jpg! 

The Oracle stands before you, a marvel of steam-powered clockwork and machinery. She detects your presence as you approach. 

"Yes, I can see it now," she croons, her arms ratcheting upward. "A glorious fortune awaits you!"

"Really?" you gasp, unable to believe your ears. "Me? A fortune awaits? Me?"

Her stiff smile seems to sag every so slightly. "No, sorry," she says plainly. "I was talking to myself. What do you want?"

"Oh." You're a bit disappointed and more than a little thrown off track, but you steel yourself and remember your mission. "Great Oracle. I am a cata-knight and I am competing in the tournament this week. My brand new cata-horse was destroyed! What in the steampunk should I do?"

The Oracle's eyes click from side to side. "Can't you just buy a new one? I mean, that's what I would do."

"But I can't afford a new one!" you markedly exclaim.

"Well, I suppose I could lease you one," she says, her hands jerking to and fro. "Are you certified?"

"This is hopeless," you mumble. "I should have seen the king."

A seaquail - which you remember from your limited schooling to be a bird much like a seagull, but actually more related to a quail - appears from somewhere behind the Oracle, flapping it's speckeld wings and perching on her shoulder. "The oracle gets all her good stuff from the commune down the road," the squab squibs.  

The Oracle rotates a limited-range arm, attempting to block your view of the bird with one hand. "Hey, shut up will you! I'm making a sale!"

"Is - is - is that a talking seaquail?" you stammer.

"Yeah, that's right," sneers the ever-smiling Oracle. "But don't get any ideas, see? That's My Seaquail. My. Seaquail."

"Wait," you say, your brain playing catch-up. "What commune down the road? What word is that bird talking about?"

"Oh it's nothing," says the Oracle. "Forget about it. Stay here and hang out with me. Do you want some coffee? I bought it myself."

"Get the fsck outta here!" cries the seaquail before the Oracle stifles it with a rather pretty, semi-transparent gypsy scarf.

You make a break for it, escaping the allure of the Oracle. Now what will you do?

Choose:
"Seek the advice of the king?":King.html
"Seek out the commune the bird spoke of?":Commune.html
